---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-25T13:13:05.719Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-25T13:13:00.124Z'
title: About Us
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-25-home.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: home/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
# About Us

###### **The Company**

Nidacon, a Swedish company headquartered in[Gothenburg][0], manufactures and markets medical devices, mainly for Assisted Reproduction Technologies (ART), with IVF, ICSI, artificial insemination (IUI) and vitrification solutions.  
NidaCon continually strives to improve the outcome of ART, with more pregnancies, by developing superior media systems for clinics, patients and the animal breeding industry.

**Phone:** +46 31 703 06 30

#### Dr. Paul Holmes.  MSc, PhD, DrMedSc, Associate Prof.

###### **President**

It all started with a burning passion for more knowledge and the possibility of making a difference. This was the motivator for 23 years of bench research with embryos and with the development of new IVF systems. Subsequently, in the early 1990's, much of the research was gathered into the founding of a couple of companies and some of these, including NidaCon are still thriving.

**Phone:** +46 31 703 06 31

#### Dr. Ewa Ustyanowska-Holmes, MD

###### **Executive Medical Director. MD**

One of the founders of Nidacon. Particularly involved in corporate organization, investment funding, as medical advisor and a strong supporter of R & D.

**Phone:** +46 31 703 06 30

#### Magda Alic Holmes

###### **Vice President**

Started working in the ART field 20 years ago. I worked mainly with customer service, marketing, management and various regulatory missions. The last couple of years I have been responsible for the daily operations at NidaCon, and believe in the strength of a close working team, always having a customer oriented focus, a global mindset and constant development.

**Phone:** +46 31 703 06 35

#### Kristina Wright

###### **Financial Coordinator**

Started working at NidaCon 2002\. I am today responsible for the financial side of the company but I have touched other parts of the company like handling orders, customer contact and production. I feel that NidaCon gives me room to develop and grow within and outside my expertise which is a positive challenge.

**Phone:** +46 31 703 06 34

#### Oscar Rymo

###### **Marketing Manager**

What drives me in my work is a strong belief in the power of relationship-marketing and the value of personal communication, both through face-to-face meetings but also through the possibilities new communication tools offer. I have worked as Marketing Manager at Nidacon now for 8 years, with a broad experience in marketing, both from the Med-Tech field, but also from other industries.

**Phone:** +46 31 703 06 33

[0]: http://www.goteborg.com/en/?epslanguage=en "Gothenburg Information website"